These programs were written when I was teaching myself how to code. As a result, these programs are largely
of bad formatting and design, as I didn't learn much about the formatting aspect of code, and I started out
writing single file programs that were excessively large and inefficient, utilizing basically none of the
Object-Oriented features of Java. Most of these programs were written in Java 8, and should work, but aren't
guaranteed to work in all circumstances, as I haven't done any upkeep. Additionally, the naming of the projects
are a result of mid-teenage me, of which chose some interested names, of which cannot really be changed without
risking breaking the project. Some projects were excluded because they were largely junk, or were just practice
or completely tutorial based. Additionally, some of these projects were done in a classroom setting where I
decided what I wanted to learn that semester, make some deliverables, and present them. As a result, they might
be lacking functionality, as the scope was too big for only a few weeks, to learn. Brief descriptions of each 
project follows: 

Access Control: One of the later projects, where I actually utilized multiple classes. I did it really badly,
though, as I followed no real conventions, as I hadn't learned any. This program was largely just me learning how
to encrypt passwords, so no hashed passwords were actually stored, although I did attempt to, at some point. 

attemptedforkbomb: Just something fun I did, it basically just made a bunch of Jframes randomly on your screen. 

Calculator: I believe that this was one of the few programs that I wrote while practicing for SkillsUSA. This was
basically a simple calculator app, of which took inputs in the form of buttons, and output results based on them. 
I don't remember, but this program may be incomplete or buggy.

Counter: I wrote this program to aid in counting, and I would just press the button every time I wanted to tally
something I was counting. 

drawing: I tried to make a drawing program, kinda like a worse version of paint, however, the scope was too large
for a 2-3 week project, so I basically learned about some more GUI stuff, including changing the user's cursor.
All assets were drawn by me in Adobe Photoshop as pixel art. 

firstattempt: This was the first major program that I wrote, as practice for SkillsUSA. It was basically an
an ordering service, of which has specific static ingredients, and it calculated their price, as well as keeping
logs. This program was massive in size compared to everything else that I wrote, largely because of how I wrote
everything into a single file. 